quickstart: update FAQ section (#471)
fluent/fluentd-docs-gitbook: quickstart/faq.md

The timestamps of Fluentd and its logger libraries depend on your system's clock. It is highly recommended that you set up NTP on your nodes so that your clocks remain synced with the correct clocks.

### I installed `td-agent`/`fluent-package` and want to add custom plugins. How do I do it?

> Use td-agent bundled gem. See [this section](../deployment/plugin-management.md) for more information.

Reviewer: How about this additional fix?

```suggestion
Use the bundled gem system. See [this section](../deployment/plugin-management.md) for more information.
```

Author: Thanks!
applied it.
